To run Team A health tracker:

	Double click on "double click me.jar.bat"
	**This .bat file runs the precompiled .class files in the "Jar File(s)" folder**


Product Guide:
	
	When the Health Tracker starts you will be brought to the home screen display today's log data.
	You can change the selected day by using the Next/Previous Day buttons at the top of the window.
	You can select any day with data saved on it by using the Date dropdown at the top of the window.
	This window also displays your calorie information, with the color of the net calories indicating
	whether you are over your goal or not (Red=Over, Green=Under). Finally, the colored bar graph on
	the right represents the fat (Red), carb (Green), and protein (Blue) intake for the day.
	
	To add a food to your daily log, go to the Log Foods tab. Here you will see a dropdown where you
	can select a food from a list of all of the created foods, set how many servings you had, and add 
	it to your daily log. To remove a food, go to the Delete Food tab and select a food on your log 
	for the selected date from the dropdown.
	
	To add an exercise to your daily log, go to the Log Exercises tab. Here you will see a dropdown where you
	can select an exercise from a list of all of the created exercises, set how many minutes you did, and add 
	it to your daily log. To remove an exercise, go to the Delete Exercise tab and select an exercise on your log 
	for the selected date from the dropdown.

	To log your weight go to the Log Weight & Calories tab. You can enter your weight for the selected day
	with the input box on the left. Your most recent 10 weights are displayed by the bar graph on the right.
	
	To change your calorie limit go to the Log Weight & Calories tab. You can change your calorie limit
	for the current day, and days after, using the input box at the bottom of the window.

	To create a new food go to the Create Food tab. You can input a name for your food, the calories,
	fat, carbs, and proteins per serving here. To create the food click the button "Create Food"

	To create a new recipe go to the Create Food tab, and navigate to the Create Recipe subtab. You can set
	a name for your recipe and you can select any created foods from the dropdowns here, and set the servings
	for each ingredient with the input box next to the selector. To add more ingredients use the "Add 
	Ingredient" button at the bottom and then click anywhere on the GUI for the new selector to appear.
	Once you've added all your ingredients, create the recipe by click the buttom "Create Recipe"

	To create a new exercise go to the Create Exercise tab. You can input a name for your exercise and the
 	calories per 1hr for a 100lb person here. To create the food click the button "Create Exercise"



Missing Functionality:

	Editing and Deleting existing Foods/Recipes/Exercises

	JAR File - There is an actual JAR file, in the "Broken JAR" folder, however we could not get the
		file to work with our .csv's so we created a .bat in its place